Update elastic-managed-llm.md to add pricing details (#227129)
elastic/kibana: docs/reference/connectors-kibana/elastic-managed-llm.md

No information related to prompts is retained.
Logged metadata includes the timestamp, model used, region, and request status.

## Pricing

> The Elastic Managed LLM incurs a cost per million tokens for input and output tokens. Please see the Elastic Cloud [pricing pages](https://www.elastic.co/pricing) for details. 

Reviewer: Nit.
```suggestion
The Elastic Managed LLM incurs a cost per million tokens for input and output tokens. Refer to the Elastic Cloud [pricing pages](https://www.elastic.co/pricing) for details. 
```
